	// WRITING DAY 1
	Ned Garrison clutched his chest and staggered back several steps, accidentally tossing his cane against the side of the refrigerator, causing it to clank against the floor. He tried to push out words, a scream, a gasp...anything, but all air left his lungs with the fright he just received. His legs jutted outward unnaturally as they tried to find footing, but instead his tired moccasin slipper tangled itself around the fallen cane, whipping it around into Ned's other leg and finally sending the old man to the floor. His weight crashed against the linoleum, a direct blow to his left hip. He finally cried out in pain, fearful of the sharp, shooting, unnatural electricity stabbing down his femur through his knee. 
	He clutched at his hip and grimaced for just long enough to regain control of his breath, then opened his eyes to search the kitchen for his wife. It was her--he was absolutely certain. Nothing else could have scared him more. He whipped his head in every direction he could, but his perspective from the ground was far too limited. He tried to stand, but only got as far as sitting before he had to stop, crying out in pain and aggravation. His hip had to be broken. It was every stubborn old man's worst nightmare. 
	He found his cane next to him. It was a trusty old wooden cane, carved by his grandfather in swirling, spiraling patterns and adorned with stripes of pale and dark stain chasing each other down its length. If owning such a beautiful piece weren't such a great source of pride for Ned, his pride would've kept him from using any device to help him walk altogether. Carefully, though his hand was still shaking beyond his control, he picked up his beloved heirloom in both hands and shoved it tip-down into the kitchen floor. Using every ounce of strength, he pulled his upper body above the top of the cane and pulled his suffering left thigh up off the ground. With all of his weight on the right leg, he grunted and heaved himself over the top of the cane, bringing his body finally to standing. 
	Leaning to his left, he tested his leg. In the moment before he rested any weight down, a confidence surged through him. The pain was dull--tolerable, even. But as soon as he relaxed himself onto the left foot, the sensation of someone shooting a nail gun into his hip forced a yelp to jump from his throat. 
	"Ya think it's broke, Neddy?" came a familiar voice came a voice from over Ned's shoulder that sent shivers of both love and terror through his soul. "T'would be a damn shame if it were. Might have to put you in one of them nursing homes if such a thing happened." 
	Ned sighed. In the very first moment he heard the voice, excitement and fear flooded his senses. After hearing the voice's message, a practiced annoyance that only sixty-one years of marriage could muster up took over. 
	"Dammit, Dottie! Ain't you dead or ain't you dead?" 
	A strange, cold sensation moved through Ned's back and out through his chest, like a frozen crystal sheet waved its way between every cell in his body as it made its way through. As soon as the experience was over, Ned's body returned to its normal state of stressed warmth. 
	What stood in front of him was Dottie. But it wasn't quite Dottie. And it couldn't be Dottie--of that he felt certain. But whatever this Dottie-looking thing was, It sure gave him the same stink-eye he had gotten from his wife nearly every day for the past several decades. 
	The Dottie-looking presence even put a hand on its hip in a perfect dance of Dottie disapproval before it spoke. 
	"Yeah, I'm dead. No thanks to you. Coulda been enjoyin' heaven and all its rewards going on a year now if it weren't for you and your big ideas contrary to mine." 
	Hearing his wife accuse him of wrongdoing he disagreed about making erased all fears and kicked Ned into a defensive mode honed over a half century of practice. He pointed a stout finger at the apparition of his wife. 
	"Now see here, I saved your life, I'll have you know." 
	Dottie's face contorted into a shocked surprise worthy of an award. 
	"Oh!" she cried. "And that's why I've come to visit you in my oh-so-dead state! I wanted to thank you!" Her feigned gratitude transitioned swiftly into sharp, sarcastic, accurate rage. "That year I spent as a vegetable in a nursing home was EXACTLY WHAT I TOLD YOU I NEVER WANTED!" 
	Ned guffawed.
	"How was I supposed to know that you'd be a vegetable? The way the doctors talked, they made it seem like I'd be abusing you if I didn't give you a chance!"
	"A chance? At what, Ned? I was eighty-six years old! You wanted me to go through rehab in case I had enough years left to learn piano?" 
	"But you were alive! I couldn't kill you!" 
	"Ya sent me to surgery when I was dyin'! How many times had I told ya to LET ME DIE?" 
	Ned grimaced. 
	"Well, that was all fine to talk about in a casual manner, but damn, woman! Put yourself in my position! They told me you'd die if you didn't get the surgery!" 
	"They told you that I would most likely be in a nursing home AT BEST if the surgery worked! WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT NURSING HOMES?" 
	Ned fell quiet after staring at the ground and sighing. Dottie floated down to the ground to meet his gaze, but he avoided it. Dottie kept drifting into Ned's field of vision as he tried helplessly to look away from her. Finally, he shut his eyes as tightly as he could. 
	Undeterred, Dottie put her ghostly mouth as close to Ned's ear as she could. He could hear her, but made no effort to move away. He knew what she had to say. He knew what he had coming. He even mouthed the words along with her as she spoke, seeing as how she told him this exact statement more times than he could recall. 
	"I said," said Dottie as Ned nodded and moved his lips along with the chorus like an all-too-often scolded child. "If you ever put me in one of them nursing homes, I'll haunt your ass 'til kingdom come." 
	// WRITING DAY 2
	Ned's head hung low. Dottie was right. She even had a "Do Not Resuscitate" form signed by a doctor. It had been a little less than a year since she had her stroke. She had wandered into the kitchen at some time that night, Ned wasn't sure when, as Dottie tended to be an early bird. She liked baking when she couldn't sleep, and Ned would often wake up at five in the morning because of the overwhelming aroma of warm flour, sugar, and spices permeating the air. On the morning of Dottie's stroke, he slept in. There was no scent in the air, even though the living room was warm like it usually got when the oven had been on. He remembered that day clearly. 
	"What did you want me to do?" Ned asked Dottie.
	"What you promised! Let me go!"
	"How was I supposed to...I mean, that's easy for you to say! It's not like you had to watch me die!"
	Dottie stomped her foot on the floor, but her typical power move lost its usual effect without the sound of her hard heel clapping down on the checkered linoleum. It was surreal to see for Ned, as it made the fact that he was talking to his wife's ghost a bit more believable. Despite the lack of her kitchen-shaking stomp, Dottie's rage was still something to contend with. She glanced at her silent foot with disdain for only a moment before whooshing across the kitchen, putting her face as close to Ned's as possible. 
	"You didn't! You never saw me die! I died with a nurse's aide at my bedside starin' at one of them damned smart phones while she was smackin' away at her gum! I was dead a full ten minutes before she looked up at me, Ned! YOU WEREN'T THERE."
	"But Dottie, how could I--"
	"She said 'ew' when she felt my dead hand! The last thing anyone said to me on this plane was 'ew'!"
	Dottie was good and in Ned's face now, and he needed to back away and think. He couldn't push away the guilt, but he needed to choose his next words wisely. He took a step away from Dottie, toward the living room, and faltered. The sharp pain in his left hip wasn't gone, just momentarily forgotten. He cried out and wavered in place, stamping his cane down just in time to keep himself from crashing back against the ground. He leaned himself back against the doorway to the kitchen and grunted, breathing heavily while gripping his thigh. Dottie gave him a little space as she looked back and forth between Ned's hand and his gritted teeth sucking in loud air. 
	"Think it's broke?" she asked. 
	Ned opened one eye to look at Dottie. She was sincerely concerned. 
	"I don't know. Probably. These old bones..." 
	Ned put his cane in his left hand and hobbled gingerly toward the living room. Each step on his left side made him cry out just a little bit, but his only choices were to walk it off, sit down, or call an ambulance, so making his way to his recliner with the telephone next to it was the best direction to go. The seven steps were agony. The pain only seemed to grow worse as he went along, the searing somehow making its way through the back of his head from the base of his spine. Ned hadn't felt pain like this since he was shot in the shoulder in Vietnam. 
	Finally, his journey ended at the recliner. Its soft brown leather, broken, folded, and bent with almost two decades of him plopping his tired body down into it was a welcome sight. Ned figured his faithful chair would give him a respite from his suffering. He spun around and let his body fall down into the leathery depression carefully shaped over the years to fit his and only his bottom, but his calculations were mistaken. With his injury, he accidentally fell more than he plopped, and what softness was left in the chair's stuffing did little to cushion his landing. He cried out and writhed in his chair, the pain far greater than before. 
	His right arm searched out over the side of the chair with both practice and shaking desperation. It found its mark and pulled the lever to extend the leg rest out. Ned pushed himself against the chair back until he was nearly lying supine, staring at the ceiling. This position helped. The pain eased, though it was still there as a throbbing and pinching. Ned slowed his breathing with a sigh. He closed his eyes. As this chair served as his bed for the past five years, letting his eyes shut was nothing more than reflex. His body tried to tell him that he should just sleep, that a little nap would do him right. He was seeing the ghost of his wife, after all. He reasoned that her ghost was just his guilt over her death making its way into his dreams, and maybe he would wake up with a healthy hip and a ghost-free house. Ned yawned.
	"Hey!" shouted Dottie. Ned's eyes shot open to find Dottie's ghost floating parallel with the floor, wavering above Ned in his chair with Dottie's classic judgmental look. "You need to call the hospital. Now's no time for nappin'!"
	With a wave of his hand embedded in muscle memory from a long marriage, Ned dismissed his floating wife as though this were a typical day in the Garrison household. 
	"I just need to rest is all, Dot."
	"Your hip's broke, Ned. And you're on the Coumadin. Makes you bleed more, remember?"
	Another dismissive wave of the hand from Ned. 
	Under normal circumstances, Dottie would've just gone to the kitchen and called for an ambulance herself. She even reached for the phone next to Ned's chair, only to be reminded of her extracorporeal state when her hand passed through the receiver instead of picking it up. 
	Ned side-eyed Dottie's attempt. He couldn't help but let out a single chuckle. 
	"You really did come back to haunt me, didn't you?"
	Dottie crossed her arms.
	"When have I ever been untrue with my word?" 
	Ned shrugged and smiled. He looked at his wife. She wore a scowl of caring concern that only a wife and mother was trained well enough to perform. Ned took a moment to process his wife's face. He missed her. There was so much to say, to know, to ask, to talk about. He felt so many emotions, everything from guilt through joy and anger, and he tried to reach out and grab a single one to experience, to guide him to know what to say. No matter which feeling he clutched, each time the output was the same.
	"I've missed you, Dot." 
	Dottie grunted.
	"I beg to differ."
	Ned laughed once humorlessly.
	"Well, if you're here, I'm gonna try to make up for all of the shit I put you through." 
	This time it was Dottie laughing without humor. She uncrossed her arms and placed them on her hips.
	"You can start by calling yourself a damned ambulance." 
	Ned nodded and picked up the receiver. He dialed 9-1-1 without any further argument, told the dispatcher what had happened, and then called his neighbor Jan to come over with her key to unlock the door for the paramedics. As Ned hung up, he smiled at his wife.
	"What?" she accused, not trusting his smirk in the least.
	"I'd say your haunting is going good so far. You already broke my hip and got me to call for help." 
	Dottie rolled her eyes and failed at disguising a smile. 
	"You shut up," she said.
	// WRITING DAY 3
	Three loud knocks at the door startled Dottie. Ned's head tilted involuntarily.
	"What are you afraid of? I think it's Jan who will be scared." 
	Dottie shrugged. Three more knocks rapped on the door paired with Jan calling out that she was coming in. The door handle jiggled and clanged with the key being crammed into the lock and turned against years of corrosion. 
	"Think you should hide?" asked Ned. "You already scared the shit out of me."
	"I...don't think Jan will see me." 
	"No?" Ned noticed a strange sadness fall over Dottie. "What makes you--"
	The door lock gave way and Jan fell through the doorway, breathing hard in panic. Jan was in her late fifties and her short perm dyed brown to hide the gray hairs was the most frazzled it had ever been witnessed to be in public. Jan locked eyes with Ned in his chair and rushed to his side. She reached out to grab his hand but hesitated, unsure if somehow her very touch might break the old man. 
	"Oh, Mr. Garrison! Are you okay, honey?" 
	Ned waved a hand at Jan.
	"Of course, Jan. Just a little fall is all. Standard stuff for when--"
	He jabbed a thumb in the air toward Dottie, who was floating in the middle of the living room, the floral-patterned nightgown she died in drooping all around her. Dottie's face was almost pleading for Jan to scream, gasp, or just react in any way at all. Jan, however, simply searched the air in the living room for anything that made sense with Ned's gesture. Her face fell blank with a brow wrinkled in confusion. 
	"I, uh...for when what?"
	Ned cocked his head at Jan while he moved his eyes back and forth between her and Dottie.
	"You...don't see anything unusual? No?" 
	Jan put a soft hand on Ned's shoulder and sighed. 
	"It's been a rough day. Help will be here soon. You'll be alright, Mr. Garrison." 
	"She can't see me. No one can," said Dottie, her voice quavering slightly. 
	"What do you mean? I'm the only one who can see you?" Ned asked, much to Jan's concern.
	"I think so," said Dottie. "You're the first to notice me ever since I died." 
	"I'm not sure I understa--" said Jan.
	"Shh! I'm talking to my wife!" snapped Ned.
	Jan turned white and backed up a step. Sirens droned in the distance. 
	"You're seeing your wife?" asked Jan. 
	Ned pushed some air toward Jan dismissively. 
	"Neddy, people are gonna think--" 
	"I don't care, Dot! I'm talking to you, aren't I? I'm not going to just pretend I'm not for the sake of everyone else!"
	The sirens burst with volume as they turned down the street toward Ned's home. Jan pointed out the door.
	"I'm just going to go make sure they know where to come," said Jan, excusing herself outside. 
	Ned looked to Dottie and shrugged. 
	"I don't care if they think I'm nuts, okay? I get to talk to you again! I'm not going to pretend you're not there."
	"They'll commit you, you dumbass." 
	"Well, can't you go through walls and shit?"
	Dottie couldn't help herself, she laughed.
	"Yeah, I guess. Why?"
	"Then who cares where they take me? You comin'?"
	Dottie shook her head at her husband with the old familiar bounce of playful disapproval. The first paramedic stepped through the doorway, hefting a bag of medical equipment. "Mr. Garrison?"
	"Yeah, sure, Ned. I'll follow ya." 
	Ned smiled at his wife and nodded. 
	"Atta girl." 
	"Sir?" asked the paramedic. 
	"Yes, young man! I'm here. Pretty sure I broke my hip. Can you get me to the hospital? I can't walk." 
	The paramedic shifted himself over next to Ned and got down on one knee, rifling through his bag and extracting a blood pressure cuff. As he wrapped the cuff around Ned's left arm, he asked looked Ned square in the face.
	"Left hip, correct?"
	"That's the one."
	"How'd it happen?"
	"You won't believe me, so let's just say I tripped and fell on my cane."
	"Won't believe you? Try me." 
	A stretcher clanked through the doorway, escorted by two more medics. 
	"Good! We've got more people to ask," Ned called out. The two other medics looked straight at Ned, who gestured to the air at the center of the living room. "Tell me, gentlemen. Can any of you see my dead wife floating there?" 
	The medics all looked at one another, eyebrows raised with concern. 
	"No sir," said the one taking Ned's blood pressure. 
	Ned turned toward Dottie and smiled. 
	"Then you won't mind her riding along with us to the hospital, I'm guessing." 
	
	
